{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9500\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 1992 Census of Governments:  Finance \
\
Summary Description: The 1992 census covers the entire range of government financial activities (revenue, expenditure, debt, and assets). The census survey results yield a series of tables and files that provide users with comprehensive statistical information about state and local government economic activity.  Data in these tables and files pertain to the governments' 12-month fiscal years. The data for 1992 reflect individual government fiscal years that ended between July 1, 1991 and June 30, 1992. The statistics in these tables and files are in terms of current dollar amounts. They have not been adjusted for price level changes occurring through the years. The amounts are presented as  thousands of dollars.  \
\
For details about the methodology and meaning of the item codes see the Government Finance and Employment Classification Manual.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Most of the data files are accompanied by a Governments Integrated Directory File that contains additional identifiers and codes for each government.  Among the identifiers added are Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) codes that allows these data to be merged with other Census data where FIPS codes are present. \
 \
In order to create a more useful version of the data for individual governments and county areas, those files were restructured so that each government or summary area became a single record containing all variables. Additional identifiers from the Governments Integrated Directory files were added to these "Final" versions.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 There are three parts to this study: \
Part 1.  Individual Unit File (Public Use Format)  Data records with government unit code, item code (e.g. "T01" =  Revenue from Property tax) and amount in thousands of dollars. Accompanied by a file of additional identifiers (e.g. Name of Government, FIPS codes) from the Governments Integrated Directory. Includes SPSS Data files, Program Files and Restructured Final Versions with added variables from the Governments Integrated Directory File.  The Raw data consists of a separate record for each item for each government.  The restructured files have all variables for each government as a single record.  This file contains only those governments that responded to the Census.  There are NO imputations.  There are many missing cases.\
\
Part 2. County-Area Summaries.  Contains local government amounts  for each item (e.g. "T01" =  Revenue from Property tax) summed at the county level.  Accompanied by a file of additional identifiers (e.g. Name of County, FIPS codes) from the Governments Integrated Directory. Includes SPSS Data files, Program Files and Restructured Final Versions with added variables from the Governments Integrated Directory File.  The Raw data consists of a separate record for each item for each government.  The restructured files have all variables for each government as a single record.\
\
Part 3.  State by Type-of-Government.  Data records by state and type of government (e.g. municipal governments total) for each item code (1 amount per record).  The same data are also given in a comma delimited format. Summed at the national and state level.  SPSS Data and Program files are provided for the raw data (public use version).\
\
File Information:\
\
\
Part 1. Title:  Individual Unit Files (Public Use File)\
Part: Individual Unit Files Data\
File Name			Size		Records	Format\
92CensusIndUnit.txt	78450878	2120294	ASCII Fixed\
\
Part:  Individual Unit Files SPSS Data File\
File Name					\
92CensusIndUnit2.sav	2120294 Cases	6 Vars		\
\
Part: Individual Unit Files SPSS Program\
File Name				\
92CensusIndUnit.SPS		\
\
Part: Governments Integrated Directory File for Individual Units Raw Data\
File Name				Size		Records	Format\
92CensusIndUnitDirectory.txt	17681248	85006		ASCII Fixed\
\
Part: Governments Integrated Directory SPSS Data File\
File Name					\
92CensusIndUnitID.sav		85006 Cases	29 Vars\
\
Collection Note:  There are two cases for Governments code 07406604 Montville Housing Auth (CT)\
\
Part: Governments Integrated Directory SPSS Program\
File Name			\
92CensusIndUnitID.SPS		\
\
Part:  Final Version of Restructured Individual Units with added Identifier SPSS Data \
File Name						\
92CensusIndUnitFinal.sav	85006 Cases	762 Vars\
\
Part: Final Version SPSS Programs \
File Name\
92CensusIndUnitC2V.SPS\
92CensusIndUnitFinal.SPS\
\
\
Part 2. County Area Summaries\
Part:  County Area Summaries Data\
File Name				Size		Records		Format\
92CensusCountyArea.txt		16652442	450066		ASCII Fixed\
\
Part: County Area Summaries SPSS Data File \
File Name\
92CensusCoArea2.sav 	450066 Cases  6 Vars	\
\
Part:  County Area Summaries SPSS Program\
File Name\
92CensusCoArea.SPS\
\
Part: County Area Summaries Governments Integrated Directory Data\
File Name					Size		Records	Format\
92CensusCountyAreaDirectory.txt	653744	3143		ASCII Fixed\
\
Part: County Area Summaries Governments Integrated Directory SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusCoAreaID.sav  		  3143 cases	5 vars\
\
Part: County Area Summaries Governments Integrated Directory SPSS Program \
File Name\
92CensusCoAreaID.SPS\
\
Part: Restructured Final Version of County Area with added identifiers SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusCoAreaFinal.sav	3143 cases 	479 vars	\
\
Part: Final Version SPSS Programs\
File Name\
92CensusCoArC2V.SPS\
92CensusCoArFinal.SPS\
\
3. State by Type-of-Government  (Data records by state and type-of-government for each item code (1 amount per record)\
\
Part: Summaries by Area by Type-of-Government Public Use Raw Data\
File Name				Size		Records		Format\
92CensusSateTypePU.txt		3036972				ASCII Fixed\
\
Part: Summaries by Area by Type-of-Government SPSS Data File\
File Name				\
92CensusStateType.sav		82056	 Cases	8 Vars\
\
Part: Summaries by Area by Type-of-Government SPSS Program\
File Name\
92CensusStateType.SPS\
\
Part: Summaries by Area by Type-of-Government Restructured Final Version SPSS Data File\
File Name			\
92CensusStateTypeFinal.sav	376 Cases	743 Vars\
\
Part: Final Version SPSS Program\
File Name\
92CensusStateTypeFinal.SPS\
\
3a. State Summaries by Individual Types of Governments (Data records by item code with state by type-of-government summary amounts -- each state is a case and each item is a record)\
\
Part: Municipal Governments Data\
File Name				Size			Format\
92CensusTotCitiesCD.txt		220414		Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
\
Part: Municipal Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotCitiesCD.sav	382 Cases	53 Vars	\
\
\
Part: County Governments Data (Data records by county area for each item code (1 amount per record))\
File Name				Size		Format\
92CensusTotCountiesCD.txt	196757	Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: County Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotCountyCD.sav	341 Cases 53 Vars\
\
Part: Local Governments Data\
File Name				Size			Format\
92CensusTotLocalsCD.txt		297155		Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: Local Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotLocalsCD.sav	515 Cases 53 Vars\
\
Part: School District Governments Data\
File Name			Size			Format\
92CensusTotSchoolsCD.txt	96359		Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: School District Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotSchoolsCD.sav	167 Cases 53 Vars\
\
Part: Special District Governments Data\
File Name			Size			Format\
92CensusTotSpDistsCD.txt	133864	Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: Special District Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotSpDistsCD.sav	232 Cases	53 Vars\
\
Part: State and Local Governments Data\
File Name				Size		Format\
92CensusTotStateLocalCD.txt	372742	Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: State and Local Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotStateLocalCD.sav	646 Cases	53 Vars\
\
Part: State Governments Data\
File Name			Size			Format\
92CensusStateCD.txt	250418		Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: State Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotStateCD.sav			434 Cases	53 Vars\
\
Part: Township Governments Data\
File Name				Size			Format\
92CensusTotTownshipsCD.txt	137326		Comma Delimited Fixed ASCII\
Part: Township Governments SPSS Data File\
File Name\
92CensusTotTownshipsCD.sav	238 Cases	53 Vars\
\
Part: SPSS Program for all of the State Summaries by Individual Types of Governments\
File Name\
92CensusTotCD.SPS\
\
Part:  Spreadsheet File -- Excel spreadsheet version of summary tables\
File Name	Format\
92CensusViewTabss.xls\
\
\
Documentation for All Parts:\
92censustechdoc.html\
92censustechdoc.pdf\
\
\
\
}